Add source code for azure active directory (#1)
ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-azure.ad: src/azure.ad/Module.md

Client Connector for Azure Active Directory
[//]: # (above is the module summary)

# Module Overview
Azure AD Client Connector allows you to perform operations on Users and Group of an Azure AD. The operations performed using the v1.0 version of Microsoft Graph API. The client uses OAuth 2.0 authentication.

## Compatibility
|                     |    Version     |
|:-------------------:|:--------------:|

> | Ballerina Language  | 1.2.4          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Ballerina Language  | 1.2.x          |
```

## Sample

**Create the Azure AD Client**

First, execute the below command to download `ballerinax/azure.ad` module into the Ballerina module repository.
```ballerina
ballerina pull ballerinax/azure.ad
```

Next import the module to your Ballerina project as below.
```ballerina
import ballerinax/azure.'ad as ad;
```

Instantiate the `ad:Client` by giving OAuth2 authentication details in the `ad:ClientConfiguration`. 

You can define the Azure AD configuration and create the Azure AD client as follows. 
```ballerina
ad:ClientCredentialsGrantConfig clientCredentialOAuth2Config = {
    tenantId: "",
    clientId: "",
    clientSecret: ""
};

ad:ClientConfiguration clientConfig = {
    authHandler: ad:getAzureAdOutboundOAuth2BearerHandler(clientCredentialOAuth2Config)
};
ad:Client adClient = new(clientConfig);
```

# Outbound Auth Handler for Azure Services

> This module provides an Outbound Auth Handler which can be configured to an http:Listener that connects to an 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This module provides an Outbound Auth Handler, which can be configured to an 1http:Listener`, which connects to a
```

Microsoft Graph API.

The Auth Handler can be retrieved by invoking the following function:
```ballerina
ad:getAzureAdOutboundOAuth2BearerHandler(...)
```

> See examples at https://github.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-azure.ad/blob/ad-implementation/src/azure.ad/tests/client_auth_tests.bal

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
See examples at https://github.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-azure.ad/blob/ad-implementation/src/azure.ad/tests/client_auth_tests.bal
```
Should we link this to a BBE?

# Inbound Auth Handler for User Authentication

> The module provides an Inbound AuthHandler which be plugged to any http:Listener where every incoming request gets authenticated against Azure AD. The requests must contain Basic Auth Headers.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The module provides an Inbound AuthHandler, which can be plugged to any `http:Listener`, in which every incoming request gets authenticated against Azure AD. The requests must contain the basic auth headers.
```

The Auth Handler can be retrieved by invoking the following function:
```ballerina
public listener http:Listener myEP = new(9090, {
    auth: {
        authHandlers: [ad:getAzureAdInboundBasicAuthHandler("", "", "")]
    },
    secureSocket: {
        keyStore: {
            path: "src/azure.ad/tests/resources/ballerinaKeystore.p12",
            password: "ballerina"
        }
    }
});
```

> See examples at https://github.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-azure.ad/blob/ad-implementation/src/azure.ad/tests/inbound_user_authenticator_tests.bal

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
See examples at https://github.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-azure.ad/blob/ad-implementation/src/azure.ad/tests/inbound_user_authenticator_tests.bal
```
Should this be linked to a BBE?

# Client Operations
**Azure AD operations related to `Users`**

```ballerina
ad:NewUser newUser1 = {
    accountEnabled: true,
    displayName: "Garfield Lynns",
    mailNickname: "garfieldlynns",
    passwordProfile: {
        forceChangePasswordNextSignIn: false,
        password: "Apple*83"
    },
    userPrincipalName: "garfieldlynns@hemikak.onmicrosoft.com",
    ...additionalUser1Attributes
};

// Creating a new user
ad:User user = checkpanic adClient->createUser(newUser1);
io:println(user.displayName);

> // Getting user by user principal name

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
// Getting a user by the user's principal name
```

user = checkpanic adClient->getUser("garfieldlynns@hemikak.onmicrosoft.com");
io:println(user.displayName);

> // Getting user with additional fields

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
// Getting a user with additional fields
```

user = checkpanic adClient->getUser("garfieldlynns@hemikak.onmicrosoft.com", additionalFields = ["postalCode"]);
io:println(user["postalCode"]);

> // Updating the user

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
// Updating a user
```

user.jobTitle = "Senior DevOps Engineer";
checkpanic adClient->updateUser(<@untainted>user);

> // Deleting the user

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
// Deleting a user
```

checkpanic adClient->deleteUser(<@untainted>user);
```

**Azure AD operations related to `Groups`**

```ballerina
ad:NewGroup newGroup1 = {
    description: "Beeper cars managers group",
    displayName: "Beeper Cars - Managers",
    mailNickname: "bcmanagers",
    groupTypes: ["Unified"],
    mailEnabled: true,
    securityEnabled: false
};

// Create a new group
ad:Group createdGroup = checkpanic adClient->createGroup(newGroup1);

// Get all the groups
ad:Group[] adGroups = checkpanic adClient->getGroups();

> // Get group by ID

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
// Get a group by its ID
```

ad:Group adGroup = checkpanic adClient->getGroup("9f323ew5-b8jc-414c-9397-8cn791ob2231");

> // Add member to group

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
// Add a member to a group
```

checkpanic adClient->addMemberToGroup(<@untainted>adGroup, <@untainted>user);

> // Get group members

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
// Get the group members
```

(ad:User|ad:Group|ad:Device)[] members = checkpanic adClient->getGroupMembers(<@untainted>adGroup);

> // Remove member from group

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
// Remove a member from a group
```

checkpanic adClient->removeMemberFromGroup(<@untainted>adGroup, <@untainted>user);

> // Add an owner to group

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
// Add an owner to a group
```

checkpanic adClient->addOwnerToGroup(<@untainted>adGroup, <@untainted>user);

// Get group owners
ad:User[] owners = checkpanic adClient->getGroupOwners(<@untainted>adGroup);

> // Remove an owner to group

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
// Remove an owner to a group
```

checkpanic adClient->removeOwnerFromGroup(<@untainted>adGroup, <@untainted>user);

> // Delete group

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
// Delete a group
```
